Microservices eBook Updates (#12018)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/microservices-architecture/implement-resilient-applications/monitor-app-health.md

## Health checks when using orchestrators

> To monitor the availability of your microservices, orchestrators like Kubernetesperiodically perform health checks by sending requests to test the microservices. When an orchestrator determines that a service/container is unhealthy, it stops routing requests to that instance. It also usually creates a new instance of that container.

Reviewer: Insert space.
```suggestion
To monitor the availability of your microservices, orchestrators like Kubernetes periodically perform health checks by sending requests to test the microservices. When an orchestrator determines that a service/container is unhealthy, it stops routing requests to that instance. It also usually creates a new instance of that container.
```
